In problem 3b, we
can see another use
of the substitute function.
You've been asked to
create a table for
2015 and 2016 cost data,
and we already have
the same list for
sales data in
the previous two years.
Using the data on the left
and the substitute formula,
we can create a new list
in the right-hand column.
To do this, I'll type equals,
substitute, and open parentheses,
and I'll reference
the first cell in our table.
Next, we type the field
which we would
like to change, which is 2013,
and remember to put
that as quotes as
it's stored as a text
in the other table,
and then type comma.
Then, we'll type the field
which we want to
replace that with,
which is 2015, and again,
I'll put that in quotes.
I'll close the parentheses
and hit "Enter".
This formula will only work
with our first four lines as
the rest are for 2014 and
needs to be replaced to 2016.
I'll still copy down the formula
which is the first line for 2014.
Now, I'll go in and
change 2013 to 2014,
and change 2015 to 2016,
and I'll copy down the formula
for the remainder of the cells.